# Car_Manager
Find yourself a car! The essence of my project is that any user can find a car based on his requirements. One of my tricks is that I wrote a parser that runs through auto.ru and he goes into all its corners, and after that he found all possible information about cars. In this way, you can collect a huge database of all the brands and models that exist, but I did only a part and showed 5 brands by example:porshe, lamborghini, ferrari and volkswagen in order to show how it works, since my computer is weak enough and cannot process such a large amount of information, unlike servers auto.ru . But I hope the essence of my project will be clear. For parsing, I use the beautifulsoup4 library, which is intended for parsing on web sites, mostly I parsed by selectors. I also have an algorithm that searched for all prices and calculated the average cost so that a person would not miss the choice. Since there are a lot of characteristics, I took only some of them, which (in my opinion) are important. One of my main differences from auto.ru the fact is that in my application you can use a comparison "head-on", that is, compare directly by characteristics. This comparison helps well in order to make the final choice. Another feature of my application is that you can estimate the cost of your car, but you need to understand that this function is based purely on charcteristics and brand, and this is not at all accurate. If you have entered a non-correct model name, this will also work, since this is not the most accurate algorithm yet, but I repeat once again that it relies on the brand, on the characteristics and on the year of manufacture.You can also add cars to the cart if you like them, so that you don't forget about them later. It is also worth mentioning about the function of adding data. It works like this: you need to click on the button on which the + will be drawn. After that, you will see a dialog box with the selection of a file with csv expansion, if your table does not meet the requirements, the application will tell you about it. The table should be in the format: make; model;gearbox;max.speed;acceleration 0 - 100;Total weight;consumption;picture;length;width;height;door.clearance; price;number of seats;view . And so you log into my application while I give the login from admin - 1 and the password from admin - 1. So that you can test it from both sides. The admin has the ability to monitor the machines. If the machine is outdated, then he can delete it, since it is not relevant. And so you launch my app. I gave the login and password from the admin above, and in the registration it is enough to figure it out, you enter the value in the login and password field, then click on the registration button, and then on the login button. You are inside the app. to view cars of a certain brand, click on this brand, all brands are located vertically on the left. You will see cars. Double-click to open the information about the car that you have chosen. On the right side of the car pictures there will be buttons, when you hover over the short ones, you will learn their purpose. Now consider horizontally. The + icon is an upload from csv, by the way, if you added a car of a brand that is not in the application, then the car will be added to the table, but you won't see it, but you can check. Then there is a mini-game. I think this is already a surplus, but I really wanted to find out how much I know the car and it was nice to try. The game consists of 10 questions, after the answers to which you will be given a medal that will show the level of knowledge in this area. After that comes the trade-in button, it just helps to evaluate the car. The next button is the shopping cart in it you can see the cars that you have added to the cart. And the last button and function is a comparison, the most interesting and very useful. Speaking of my project, it uses the hashlib library, which hashes passwords so that they are not stored in the database in open form. You can find the project itself in the file project.py, and the parser in the file parser.py . Thank you for reading to the end! I hope you will appreciate my project)
